lr=lang_af    Afrikaans
lr=lang_ar    Arabic
lr=lang_hy    Armenian
lr=lang_be    Belarusian
lr=lang_bg    Bulgarian
lr=lang_ca    Catalan
lr=lang_zh-CN Chinese (Simplified)
lr=lang_zh-TW Chinese (Traditional)
lr=lang_hr    Croatian
lr=lang_cs    Czech
lr=lang_da    Danish
lr=lang_nl    Dutch
lr=lang_en    English
lr=lang_eo    Esperanto
lr=lang_et    Estonian
lr=lang_tl    Filipino
lr=lang_fi    Finnish
lr=lang_fr    French
lr=lang_de    German
lr=lang_el    Greek
lr=lang_iw    Hebrew
lr=lang_hi    Hindi
lr=lang_hu    Hungarian
lr=lang_is    Icelandic
lr=lang_id    Indonesian
lr=lang_it    Italian
lr=lang_ja    Japanese
lr=lang_ko    Korean
lr=lang_lv    Latvian
lr=lang_lt    Lithuanian
lr=lang_no    Norwegian
lr=lang_fa    Persian
lr=lang_pl    Polish
lr=lang_pt    Portuguese
lr=lang_ro    Romanian
lr=lang_ru    Russian
lr=lang_sr    Serbian
lr=lang_sk    Slovak
lr=lang_sl    Slovenian
lr=lang_es    Spanish
lr=lang_sw    Swahili
lr=lang_sv    Swedish
lr=lang_th    Thai
lr=lang_tr    Turkish
lr=lang_uk    Ukrainian
lr=lang_vi    Vietnamese